That’s the basic overview of this whole project.  .  So I understand you guys don’t want to walk in the wrong way or wast your time . So I guarantee you that All these content I will teach in the project are the frequently asked questions in the interview.  I will also share the interviews questions I had or other people had to keep you informed and on the right track. 

In lesson one, We have two objectives . The first is overview of the project . The second is the practice you are going to take after the lesson.  In order to make you feel less pressured , I will try my best to make this study process more interesting and easy to understand.  So in the beginning, There are several key principles I want you to remember when you are learning by yourself. Principle one : Don't solve a problem you don't have, be focused on the key concepts . It means you have to have a goal or questions in mind before starting studying.  Principle two: Respect cognition process, don't try to master all key points at once , you have to be patient and learn it step by step.   Okay, Now Let's start today lesson.

First of all, I will introduce the overview of this project. I divide this project into two main components: Transaction decoding and Transaction construction.
For each components , there are so many key details. Let's start with Transaction parsing.  I split this component into three sub processes: Set up process, Parsing process and After process.

Now let's talk about setting up process.
The  first step is deciding the data source. Now we use two sources: Helius and Ankr.  And then the data acuiqring methods, there are two ways: websockt and HTTP.  For Websockt, you can subscribe to the event and waiting for the data sent from helius shared nodes. For HTTP , you need to query the data manually.  Next ,we need to use asychronou concurrence manamget to separate the data acquiring and processing process. So that the system can work faster. In the end , I will introduce the error management, it's used to guarantee the usability of the system. There are two main problems we will focus on , missing blocks and parsing failure. We need to record the failed block and retry it.   That's the core concepts covered in setting up stage.       Now, Let's move on to Parsing process.  First of all, we will process Block , you need to know the block structure and the library used , beside that, you will also encounter empty blocks , you need to skip it .Of if you get block failed, you also need to record it and store it in table for later recovery .  When we decode the block successfully, we move on to next stage. Parsing transaction, similarly, you need to have a deep understanding about transaction Data structure. Then , we will decode the target transactions based on our requirements . For instance, You only want to decode pumpfun, raydium swap transactions . You need to filter others. When you get your transaction, you go to process instructions. They are so many types of instructions, you also need to filter them and get your desired based on requirements. In the end, you get your data and instruction type based on IDL file and so on.     Now we go to last stage, what will we do when we get all these data . We need to store them and make them permanent. So first of all, we need to design table and store these parsed data. We need to consider index optimization and so on to guarantee query speed.    Next For some certain data like top10 holders or holders , the number of them are larger . If we simply put them in the table , the rows of table may be millions . So we have to split  the table based on certain strategies.   Last, for the hot data ,these frequently used data ,we need to design cache strategy to cache them.